v66: the referral is recorded at REGISTRATION, not at first open

MEASURED BUG (17/9/2026), found by Stavros on the live v65:
he opened his own referral link on his computer - "opened your link" went to 1,
then he registered and "signups" stayed at 0.

Cause, read from the code (app.js:4002, a guard that predates v65):
    if (!localStorage.getItem(LS.src)) { ...read ?ref=... }
The ?ref= was only ever read on a device that had NEVER opened Kostometro.
His computer already had km_source from earlier testing, so the referral was
discarded silently.

The real-world case is worse than the test. A business sees the Facebook ad,
opens Kostometro, does NOT register, forgets it. Two weeks later a friend sends
them a referral link. They open it and register. The friend's referral is lost,
and neither the friend nor we would ever find out.

Rule A400 SD (4/9/2026) says origin and referral are written AT THE MOMENT OF
REGISTRATION or never. The code was writing them at the moment of FIRST OPEN
and then locking them.

FIX
- refCaptureSrc(search, registered, current): while there is NO account, the
  latest ?ref= wins. Once registered (LS.reg), nothing changes retroactively -
  the "no retroactive attribution" rule stays intact.
- pulled OUT of boot() into a pure function on purpose: inside boot it could not
  be measured by any test, and that is exactly where the bug hid for two days.
- ?ref= is upper-cased client-side too, matching the server's normRef.

TESTS
- 5 new behavioural checks (O-13..O-17) on refCaptureSrc, including the exact
  case that failed on 17/9: a device with km_source already set and no account.
- 3 new mutations (M7 reintroduces the 17/9 bug, M8 drops upper-casing,
  M9 lets attribution change retroactively). All 9 proven red separately.
- M5 was hard-coded to 'km-v65' and stopped finding its target at v66: the
  proof was silently no longer proving anything. It now reads version.json.
  Caught by the harness's own "MUTATION FOUND NO TARGET" guard.

No database change. Rollback: git revert + push.
